# Project Proposal - Console Tic Tac Toe
# Nathaniel Angus
  For my final project I will be making a Tic Tac Toe game that runs in the console.  It will be a player based Tic Tac Toe game meaning that there will be no CPU player and there will have to be two people playing one as X's and one as O's.  I intend to have three classes in the program including the main class which will contain the main method, a class that controls the turns of the players, and a third class that determines things such as when a player has won the game and when the game is over as a result of a tie.  Programming concepts that will be used in this program include loops to continuously draw the board after an X or O is placed, conditionals to check for wins and ties, and arrays to hold the X's and O's.  

  This project is feasible to complete in the period of time we have because it is relatively easy to make.  Since it does not contain a gui component like most games I will not have a hard time with the visual aspect of the program.  The logical aspect of the program will not be difficult either since it is only three classes and the game Tic Tac Toe is fairly simplistic in nature.  Tic Tac Toe doesn't have many rules and should not be hard to code at all.  I've previously made tic tac toe in other languages before and it wasn't too complicated so I should be able to do it in java as well.  I elected to just make it in the console because it would be easier and more feasible than adding a gui component as well.

  I don't have any sources to cite in this proposal because I didn't need anything else to get the idea I just kind of thought of it on my own.  It's a pretty common coding project and I'm certainly not the first person to ever code Tic Tac Toe so I didn't really need any sources to cite.  There are a couple of other console games that you can make but I just liked this one the most so I chose to do it.
